# Unreleased

# 0.11.2

* Deserialize records with extra unused array elements in payload (#52)
* Attempt to load `active_support/core_ext/time/calculations` before `Paquito::Types.time_unpack` is defined (#47)

# 0.11.1

* Fix SingleBytePrefixVersionWithStringBypass to better support raw UTF-8 strings.

# 0.11.0

* Convert some lambdas into proper methods to make them more discoverable by profilers.
* Optimize `Time` and `ActiveSupport::TimeWithZone` serializers when `active_support/core_ext/time/calculations` is loaded.

# 0.10.0

* Introduce a new version `1` format that better handles `Time` and `DateTime` objects. It can be enabled by setting `Paquito.format_version = 1`.
  *IMPORTANT*: If you are upgrading from previous versions, you MUST first fully deploy the new version of the gem prior to enabling the new format.
  If you don't you may notice some `UnpackError` during the code rollout, which may be fine if you only use Paquito for ephemeral cache data.

  *This new format will be the default in paquito 1.0.*

# 0.9.2

* Support cast of coder in translate errors. (#24)

# 0.9.1

* Fix a bug when handle `compress / decompress` coders. (#23)
* `SingleBytePrefixVersionWithStringBypass` accepts another coder for strings.

# 0.9.0

* Handle `compress / decompress` coders (#22)
* Introduce `FlatCacheEntryCoder` (#21).
* Drop the partial Ruby 2.6 support.

# 0.8.0

* Introduce `SingleBytePrefixVersionWithStringBypass` (#18, #20).

# 0.7.0

* Make ActiveRecordCoder now encode wether records were persisted or not (#12).
  This change is backward compatible with Paquito 0.6.2 but NOT OLDER VERSIONS.

# 0.6.2

* Make ActiveRecordCoder able to read payloads that will be generated by Paquito 0.7.0 (#12).
  DO NOT upgrade to Paquito 0.7.0+ without first fully rolling out Paquito 0.6.2.

# 0.6.1

* No data

# 0.6.0

* No data

# 0.5.0

* No data

# 0.4.0

* No data

# 0.3.1

* No data

# 0.3.0

* No data

# 0.2.1

* No data

# 0.2.0

* No data

# 0.1.0

* No data
